welcome to the best best headquarters in
southwest London I'm William hi March
imagine director it's the first of July
2013 and stay with judging stupor
competition reference SC 388 which ran
from the sixteenth to the thirtieth of
June just we do advise you once again
congratulate and Ross are lost when you
drove away in a very nice from st. Lys
e350 AMG sport you can see me surprising
with the good news outside these petri
special restaurants you most online
website both on the website on the
YouTube page so right let's see who our
next big one is going to be our judges
today are mr. Matthew raid good morning
mr. Hugh Gilroy hello I was to built
Peter George O'Dowd bloody and their
buyers on the screen now and I'm
independent lawyer it's mr. Andrew
penfold from perfect cause proposal good
morning so without further ado judges
please mark on the screen where you
think the center of the ball should be
in your professional opinion thank you
guys start by looking at these two major
players they look like the key ones we
solely his head of it well he's well off
for sounders me as is this guy and he's
wincing as well so he's just been
clatter day yeah doesn't look at this
guys are he's just looking on his name
I'm towards Westerley love you later
general direction this garnet mm-hmm so
I think we actually might be the ball
might be parallel with that that roof do
you know
yeah that's the bottom line well ahead
of it upwards I wouldn't even put said
what or not yeah that's that's about a
century looking in yeah she's a link
with him Holmes if I thought if I got it
here for now yeah I think I might be a
tad low yeah I don't see a spring up
still cuz his head's at quite an angle
isn't it do you know what I also look
for him it could maybe be a little bit
closer yeah I think I don't think the
ball too far away if he's just played
mm-hmm a lot in line a line yet but yeah
a little bit closer is that not to
loading
but we have a little look at his side
nice yeah quickly nothing but that's not
bad for a mess up
yeah I think I go up a tad but not much
maybe a couple daddy I sauce yeah yeah
how about that that's pretty sound again
extending this head as well off the
ground yeah helping me far away yeah yes
I'm happy earlier okay judges right so
the winning pixel is 107 6107 6435 so
for 3107 6435 crash next hundred great
okay Thank You judges the winning
coordinates 1076 435 these cannot be
matched to all the images on database to
term the winner results will be emailed
all entrance with the next few days and
post it to the website votv.com i'll be
calling with a personally shortly
hopefully surprise them in person so
thanks again for playing and best of
luck